call of duty modern warfare how will you
be remembered what will be the lasting
impact that you have on this community
as call of duty players and on YouTube
in black ops we had the explosion of the
hundred-plus kill game place in modern
warfare 2 the creativity of montages in
World War II call duty 4 we had the
originals the pioneers the ones who pave
the way start at all what will you be
remembered for modern warfare 3 will it
be support streaks lag compensation will
it be dead man's hand for final stand
will it be those famous words will it be
ballistic vests support runners
subscriber slaves gameplay boosters as
some may say will it be the Moab a
double Moab the pin to a movie what will
you be remembered for modern warfare 3
what will be your everlasting effect for
me I'm kind of glad modern warfare 3 put
the emphasis back out gameplay all the
commentators that blew up during this
time for the most part they had their
emphasis on gameplay and to me I like
that I mean that's what we're doing who
playing video games we're trying to
one-up ourselves better ourselves it's
all competition be the best that you can
be I mean without gameplays
where might as well just be doing vlogs
and let's be honest some of us are way
too ugly to be uploading only blogs for
many modern warfare 3 was the last straw
the camel's back has been broken never
again to buy another call of duty game
for many modern warfare 3 was a breath
of fresh air back to the roofs less
focus on killstreaks more reporting for
objective play gun on gun you're done
just me my weapon and an enemy for a lot
of people modern warfare 3 was exactly
what they were looking for they loved
the game really brought back the series
with so many different opinions what do
you think modern warfare 3 will most be
remembered for it's a pretty compelling
question me personally I thought modern
warfare 3 had a lot of potential and had
the right formula I guess you could say
in the end was it one of my favorite
call of duty games no but that doesn't
make it a bad game that's just my
opinion that's what I'm looking for out
of you guys how do you think modern
warfare 3 will be remembered what do you
think it's lasting effect will be
whether you love modern warfare 3 or you
hate mine or fair 3 the effects cannot
be denied I think call of duty modern
warfare 3 will go down as the most
controversial call of duty to date and
in today's society controversy equals
attention equals money Chico's winning
as always guys thanks for watching later